Jack Adams trophy please welcome
three-time Adams recipient Pat Burns and
film and television producer Jerry
Bruckheimer
being a coach in national hockey league
is a special experience can be the
loneliest job in the world and the
greatest often at the same time very and
like a coach Pat a producer faces many
of the same challenges to inspire his
team to work and to win at the box
office the nominees for the Adams award
have demonstrated exceptional judgment
in guiding their teams through the
challenging 2008-2009 season let's take
a look at the nominees with their teams
in action the Jack Adams award Helen San
Jose Sharks
we better be prepared to play even
better than we did tonight in their home
the top team in the regular season Andy
Murray st. Louis Blues any team poked by
Andy Murray they will be aggressive
anywhere he's having a really tournament
organization
Julian Boston Bruins better prevented
job
and the 2009 Jack Adams Award is
presented to Mon Ami close julienne
well what an honor
mostly because I've also received it
from you pat for people who don't know I
followed death
that's what step for forever but having
coached in Hull once you're all Boston
New Jersey all the teams that Pat has
coached before me and all I'm hoping is
I I can catch up to you someday Pat a
couple of Jack atoms away and obviously
Stanley Cup first of all I think it's
important for me to thank the Jacobs
family for really making me feel part of
the organization part of their family
also want to thank Peter surely forgive
me the opportunity to come to Boston and
being very supportive of what we're
trying to do and as a coaching staff
this award I have to share with a lot of
other people as well and I think part of
this belongs to my assistant coaches
that Craig Doug Jeff and Bob and
obviously need to thank my wife Karen
and my daughter Katrina
for supporting me through the ups and
downs of of coaching careers but also I
want to thank obviously my family
they've been behind me for a long time
and not being able to make it as a
player in the NHL but being able to make
it as a coach is certainly gratifying
and bow to me Sammy epi Sigma 2 on my
career merci beaucoup thank you very
much